[DOCS] Threat Intelligence - Indicators Page and Indicator Details (#2526)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/security-ui.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/users/users-page.png[Shows the Users page]

[float]
=== Intelligence

> Access and interact with indicator data in a centralized location. Learn more at <<indicators-of-compromise>>.

Author: ```suggestion
The Intelligence section contains the Indicators page, which collects data from enabled threat intelligence feeds and provides a centralized view of indicators of compromise (IoCs). Refer to <<indicators-of-compromise>> to learn more.
```

[role="screenshot"]

> image::images/indicators-table.png[Shows the Intelligence page] 

Author: ```suggestion
image::images/indicators-table.png[Shows the Indicators page] 
```
